Kristen, my red footsteps, they seem to be searching for you.
Hurry, run!
Thank you, Alice. I'm so glad to have you on my side.
So where is she?
If we can't even find a woman, we are worthless.
Stop talking nonsense and find her.
If this traitor escapes, we'll all be in trouble.
Why do I feel such a strong headache?
Ever since I'm so Justin, I've felt something's wrong.
I'm not Kristen. You're probably awakening your powers.
Congratulations!
Wait! I heard something!
She must be there. Let's go together. She can't escape.
Agreed.
You too.
But you have always had my people secretly taken. When you left the palace, it reported to me.
You frightened me, Kristen.
If something happened to you, how could I live on?
So there was God. You didn't actually send them to capture me.
Kristen, why would I send my guards to capture you?
Stay here. Don't move. I will handle this.
I will handle this.